# New Yersinia
#Files Included in the Archive:

	1.w22703_four_protein_sequences

	  Description: Contains protein sequences for four genes in pathogenic island of W22703.

	2.input_database

	  Description: Includes protein sequences for two newly discovered strains of Yersinia.

	3.bash_files

		3_1. install_bash_final.sh

		Description: Script to download NCBI Blast and LibreOffice on Ubuntu.

		3_2. database_final.sh

		Description: Script to generate a database based on existing protein sequences for subsequent retrieval operations.

		3_3. perform_blastp_final.sh

		Description: Script to perform a Blast search in Ubuntu system.

		3_4. retrieveseq_final.sh

		Description: Script to retrieve sequences based on sequence ID.

	4.blast_output

	  Description: File containing results generated by the Blast search.

	5.sequences_output

	  Description: File containing sequences retrieved based on IDs from Blast results.

	6.Jupyter Notebook Document

	  Description: Jupyter Notebook document presenting the approach, pipeline, specific operation process of bash files, BLAST analysis results of two new Yersinia strains and further analysis of BLAST result.

#How to Start (in Ubuntu sysytem)

	(1) Install Dependencies:

	    Run bash bash_files/install_bash_final.sh to download NCBI Blast and LibreOffice on Ubuntu.

	(2) Generate Database:

	    Run bash bash_files/database_final.sh to create a database using existing protein sequences. The sequences for the database are sourced from the file 'input_database'.

	(3) Perform Blast Search:

           Run 'bash bash_files/perform_blastp_final.sh' to perform a Blast search. 
	    This step will utilise the four known protein sequences from the file 'w22703_four_protein_sequences' and perform Blast searches against the 		two databases generated in the previous step.

	(4) Retrieve Sequences:

	    Run 'bash_files/retrieveseq_final.sh' to retrieve sequences based on sequence IDs from the Blast results.

	(5) Review Outputs:Examine the contents of the output files for the generated results:

		(5.1) blast_output: Blast search results.

		(5.2) sequences_output: Retrieved sequences based on Blast results.

##The specific steps for using bash files are described in detail in jupyter notebook.Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or encounter issues.